[GA] AutoOps for self-managed clusters updates (#3171)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops-vs-stack-monitoring.md

### Setup

#### AutoOps [ao-setup]
On {{ech}} and {{serverless-full}}, AutoOps is set up and enabled automatically in all supported [regions](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/ec-autoops-regions.md), with no action required from you.

:::{image} /deploy-manage/images/cloud-autoops-setup.png
:alt: Diagram showing AutoOps setup in Elastic Cloud
:::

> For {{ece}} (ECE), {{eck}} (ECK), and self-managed clusters, you need to go through a [connection process](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md) to connect to AutoOps. This involves installing {{agent}} to ship your monitoring metrics to {{ecloud}} through [](/deploy-manage/cloud-connect.md). Since you can only access AutoOps from the {{ecloud}} UI, you need an {{ecloud}} account for this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {{ece}} (ECE), {{eck}} (ECK), and self-managed clusters, you need to [connect your cluster to AutoOps](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md). This involves installing {{agent}} to ship your monitoring metrics to {{ecloud}} through [](/deploy-manage/cloud-connect.md). Since you can only access AutoOps from the {{ecloud}} UI, you need an {{ecloud}} account for this service.
```
Just rephrasing a bit to avoid the duplicate "connect" in "go through a connection process to connect".
